[docs] PR for Restructure doc site wrt Ecosystem Integration (Doc8860) (#9105)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/integrations/prisma.md

menu:
  latest:
    identifier: prisma
    parent: integrations
    weight: 579
isTocNested: true
showAsideToc: true
---

> Explore how you can use Prisma and its GraphQL support to interact with YugabyteDB. You can build a GraphQL server and then use the Prisma client to write data to and run queries on a YugabyteDB database. Also, you can explore the Prisma's ORM functionality.

Reviewer: Taking out the "quickly" changes the flavour of this one a bit more than we might want. I think we probably want to convey that it's quick and easy to get this set up; "you can build a GraphQL server" does not make me think it's going to be easy, from what I've experienced of GraphQL. 😆

Author: quickly, simply, easily, etc is marketing. When I see these things, I usually delete them from tech docs.

./bin/yb-ctl create --tserver_flags=ysql_pg_conf="default_transaction_isolation=serializable"
```

> If you are new to YugabyteDB, you can be up and running with YugabyteDB in under five minutes by following the steps in [Quick start](../../quick-start/). After installing YugabyteDB, perform the preceding step.

Reviewer: Does this make more sense to have at the top of the section, instead?

Author: Changed in DocMinorFixesForPR9105 branch

## 3. Set up a sample schema

Open `datamodel.prisma` and replace the contents with the following:

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```graphql
````

Author: graphql didn't stick in my editor

## Clean up

> Now that you have completed with this exploration, you can clean up the pieces as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've completed this exploration, clean up the pieces as follows:
```

Author: Changed to "Now that you have completed this exploration"

Stop the YugabyteDB cluster:

```sh
./bin/yb-ctl stop
```

To completely remove all YugabyteDB data/cluster-state, you can instead run the following command:

```sh
./bin/yb-ctl destroy
2. Stop The Prisma container
docker stop <container-id>

> ```

Reviewer: This ain't right...

Author: Good catch, it looks like this file was messed up a bit.
Fixed.

> To completely remove all Prisma data/state, you can additionally run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To completely remove all Prisma data and state, you can additionally run the following command:
```

Author: Fixed

```sh
docker rm <container-id>
```

> To list running containers, execute `docker ps`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list running containers, run `docker ps`.
```

Author: Don't like two runs in s row. "execute" is better here.
